Website
=======

Currently the focus of the website is as a development resource. In the
future, it can possibly also serve as a community resource for users,
point of advocacy, and of course, as a distribution site for the TenDRA
suite of software.

This document provides an overview of intended portions of the website,
and what they are to contain. This is likely to change as the focus of
of the site adjusts over time (for example, when marketing/propaganda
becomes relevant).

This is also the first port of call for recruiting new developers; see
the marketing/newdevelopers document for details.

This is an approximate sitemap showing major sections and content. Auxillary
pages are not illustrated.


About / Contact
---------------

 - Project goals / Philosophy

   The aims of the project, from core principles to subsidiary
   interests.

   We have a fairly strong philosophy that informs our working
   practice, and influences our goals; this section is to convey
   what it is, and why we use it.

 - TenDRA history

   A brief history of how TenDRA came in to being, and the entities
   which have expressed interest - this includes a brief list of
   related projects, in an effort to avoid confusion.

 - Overview of forthcoming intentions

   What we intend to be doing over the next phase of development, and
   why. This covers splitting up the project and our refactoring aims
   from a user-facing perspective, to give a better overview of the
   project and how it differs from other projects.

 - Overview of projects

   A user-friendly list of our software projects.

 - Mailing lists / IRC

   This is fairly self-explanatory: which lists are available, their
   purposes, how to sign up, and view the archives.

   Where we may be found on IRC and how to connect us.

 - News / Status

   Recent news items.

   Status on our current points of interest.


Download
--------

 - Anonymous Subversion access

   A brief overview of what Subversion is, and details of how to get
   at the source.

 - Releases

   An archive of previous releases; HTTP, FTP etc.


Documentation
-------------

 - User Documentation

   See tendra-doc/user

   * Suite purpose overview

     The reasons for each program existing, and what they do from a
     user's perspective. This also includes how they'd fit in to an
     example work-flow, perhaps with some case examples.

   * Usage guides

     Details of how to use each program, rather than what the program
     is for. This includes the excellent guides we inherited from DERA.

   * User manuals

     Man-page material.

   * Changelogs

   * FAQ

   * Glossary


 - Developer Documentation

   See tendra-doc/developer

   * Subversion organisation

     How our repository is laid out, and an overview of the protocol for
     branching and tagging.

   * Suite architecture

     A conceptual overview of how each piece of software relates to each
     other, from the point of view of working on the source. This does
     not deal with how information flows, rather how the source depends
     on various parts.

     For details of how each component is written, see the Component
     Guides.

   * High level design documents

     These design documents show block-level information flow within each
     program, and give as many conceptual orientation information as
     possible. This is the first port of call when approaching the
     system.

   * Developer Guides

     These are introductory task-orientated guides on how to go about
     common procedures, such as adding a new tspec API. See the
     developersguides document for details.

   * Component Guides

     Guides on the technical internals of each component. Each of these
     are roughly grouped into the interfaces implemented, and a tour of
     the implementation.

   * Source code browsing and implementation API documentation

     Whilst this is no substitute for a high-level design or other design
     documentation, this serves sufficiently as implementation
     documentation.

     Puredocs, or some equivalent source-browsing system will suffice, as
     long as it is capable of showing dependency trees, call graphs, and
     is able to make sense of our helpful directory layout.

   * Implementation of forthcoming intentions

     Here we discuss the rationale for future intentions, and the
     details behind implementing them. This includes but is not limited
     to the process of splitting up the source, various refactorings, and
     library designs.

   * A "todo" list of relativley major items

     These would generally be too large for single tickets, and might make
     suitable candidates for Google's Summer of Code projects.

     See development/features for examples.

 - Papers and research articles

   One of the longer-term intentions is for TenDRA to provide a platform
   for research. This includes some of the more academic projects, and the
   results of investigations making use of them.

 - Reference Documentation

   Reference materials are the common protocols and APIs which bridge the
   user and development documentation. This includes references for the
   languages such as the TDF and PL_TDF specifications, but is not usage
   references for any particular programs that deal with them.

   * TDF

   * PL_TDF


Development
-----------

This provides a cross-link to the Developer Documentation for convenience.

Various Trac components are provided here giving a central point for
several aspects of development.

 - Automated build-farm

   We're planning an automated build-farm system, in the style of
   PostgreSQL's farm. This will provide automated compilation on as
   many different platforms as we can find, and show their status.

   This section should also describe how to participate in the farm.

 - Timeline

 - Tickets

 - Source browser (to be modified to link to DoxyS)

