Components
==========

This document describes the various libraries, modules and tools which
are proposed to exist after the restructuring described by the
./outlineplan document.


Libraries
---------

After restructuring, we will be set to design APIs for two publicly-
available libraries:

 libTenDRA  The TenDRA compiler proper, providing an API interface.

            This should not be aware of how each producer and
            installer is implemented.

 libTDF     This is a point of confusion. Our new libTDF is an API to
            manipulate TDF; the original libTDF is a support library.

These libraries should not execute external programs, to avoid
configuations per-platform.


Modules
-------

The following modules will hook into libTenDRA:

 Installers Output from TDF to each machine's instructions.

 Producers  Parsing from input languages to TDF.

Each Installer and Producer is a dynamically-linked module, loaded at
runtime. These use libTDF (the new API) for inputing or outputting TDF
data


Tools
-----

The following command-line interfaces are user-facing programs, which
may be used separately from the TenDRA project:

 disp       TDF pretty-printer.

 tcc        An interface to libTenDRA, capable of loading various
            producer and installer modules.

 tld        The TDF Linker.

 tnc        The TDF Notation Compiler (An unstructured TDF assembler
            and disassembler).

 tpl        The PL_TDF Compiler (a structured TDF assembler).

 lexi       A lexical generator.

 sid        Syntax Improving Device: a parser generator.

 calculus   An algebraic type system tool.


Utilities
---------

The following command-line interfaces are developer-facing programs,
which are specific to development of the TenDRA project:

 tspec      An API specification generation tool.

 make_err   A tool to manage the producer's error catalogues.

 make_tdf   A tool to generate TDF encoding and decoding routines.

            This is for the new libTDF, and, confusingly, uses the old
			lib/tdf.


A transition from the previous directory structure to the new layout
required for these components is described in the ./restructure
document.

